Update the README to avoid implying that it is allowed to change the archive of already published packages in opam-repository (#153)
ocaml-opam/opam-publish: README.md

## Prerequisites

> This version is for opam 2.0 or more recent, and should not be used with repositories in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version is for opam 2.0 or higher, and should not be used with repositories in
```
